---
layout: post
tags: update
title: 10/31/2016
---
I finished school in May of 2016 and ever since then it has become more and more apparent that to be a good software engineer you have to be continuously learning--at least that’s what it seems like any successful software engineer will tell you. For me I’ve found that it isn’t good enough to just read new open source projects, or listen to software engineering podcasts, but actually keep writing code whenever I have spare time.

On that note, it is always tough to push yourself to keep working on projects after work/weekends. Of the things that I want to finish by the end of the week, I usually get about 70% done that I want.

I figure that if I publish bi-weekly/monthly what I want to accomplish and anything interesting that I learned (even if nobody reads it), then I will get more done and digest it better. This post will mark the first in a series.

### _10/31/2016_

Every week I'm going to try and have at least one topic that I will be focusing on. Topics can span multiple weeks.

Topics: Python, deploying/hosting a website.

What code am I going to work on this week?

- Functionally completing the code for the [Link Aggregator site](https://github.com/connormurray7/link-aggregator)
- Adding comments and documentation to it.

What am I reading this week?

- The Pragmatic Programmer -> 35 to 70
- Pro Git -> Chapter 5: 151-195. I heard about this book from [this podcast](http://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/04/06/git-workflows-tim-pettersen/). It's an easy read and you can read just the chapters that are important to you.
- The Unix Programming Environment -> 101-130.
