---
layout: post
tags: update
title: 12/06/2016
---

I finished deploying my small web app [link-aggregator](https://github.com/connormurray7/link-aggregator) to Linode this week, and it lives [here](http://link-aggregator.top). I learned a lot from having to deploy a web app and not just a backend application, which I primarily do at work. I will post a longer article about the steps that I took to deploy it because I found some of the other guides online to have the process partially covered or have outdated steps.

This week I also started refreshing myself with C++. At school I learned C++, but haven't used it since starting work and primarily coding in Java. But I was looking around online and came across [this presentation](http://meetingcpp.com/index.php/tv16/items/2.html) that had two really great quotes in it.

> Most programming languages contain good and bad parts. I discovered that I
could be a better programmer by using only the good parts and avoiding the bad parts.
After all, how can you build something good out of bad parts?
It is rarely possible for standard committees to remove imperfections from a language
because doing so would cause the breakage of all the bad programs that depend on those
bad parts. […]
But you have the power to define your own subset. You can write better programs by
relying exclusively on the good parts.
>
> Douglas Crockford – “JavaScript: The Good Parts”

I love this quote because it also provides an explanation for why languages have bad parts. It seems to me that there are two ends of the spectrum, languages that deprecate a lot of features to keep the language in a semi "pristine" condition. The transition from Python 2 to Python 3 comes to mind. At the other end are languages that deprecate little like C++. It still seems like no one has come up with the best strategy on where to fall on this spectrum.

A pragmatic approach would be to languages in the context for where they excel. Trying to write a really high performant backend system in JavaScript might be possible, but it isn't where it excels and you might be compelled to use some of the "bad parts" about the language to do something that it wasn't originally built for.

The very next slide is about C++, quoting the creator

> Within C++ is a smaller, simpler, safer language struggling to get out.
>
> Bjarne Stroustrup

There are criticisms of every language, but it seems like C++ garners more due to the sheer number of things it can do (and thus when done poorly can be horrible to fix). But I think that this is a good way to go about viewing any language, that there may be some rough patches, and ultimately it is up to you on what to use.
