---
layout: post
tags: update
title: 11/10/2016
---
The two topics of chapter 2 of Pragmatic Programmer that I took the most away from were "Orthogonality", and "Estimating".

##### Orthogonality
As software engineers we are taught to write functions that are short and do very specific things, and create objects that have a well defined use. But the most important point in the chapter is that designing orthogonal systems is one of the most important things you can do.

The reason it is so important is because then engineers can work on different parts of the system in parallel, and not have to worry about stepping on each others toes. They say that teams that have an orthogonality issue are ones that are going to has a lot of arguments, meetings and problems that affect entire teams.

This is definitely something that I will try to keep in mind for the rest of my career because there are so many positives that go beyond just efficient coding.

##### Estimating
They give some tips for how to speak about estimating, which I found helpful. But the most important takeaway that I found was how to be conscious about your estimates and to try to get better at them, building estimating as a skill rather than just blaming some other reason for why the estimate was off.

### Next week

Topics: Python, deploying/hosting a website.

What code am I going to work on this week?

- Functionally completing the code for the [Link Aggregator site](https://github.com/connormurray7/link-aggregator)
- Adding comments and documentation to it.

What am I reading this week?

- The Pragmatic Programmer -> Chapter 3 and 4: 71-136
- Pro Git -> Chapter 10: 481-523. I mentioned [this podcast](http://softwareengineeringdaily.com/2016/04/06/git-workflows-tim-pettersen/) last week and this is the chapter that I am really excited about because it digs through the internals of Git.
